[DO NOT MERGE] DOCS-12770 lifecycle states (#166)
mulesoft/docs-exchange: modules/ROOT/pages/exchange-api.adoc

--form 'files.docs.zip=@"/file-path/docs.zip"'
```

[[set-lifecycle-state]]
=== Set Lifecycle State

> A new asset version is in the `development` state or the default `stable` state. The `stable` state is also known as `published`. An asset version must be in the `stable` state before it is in the `deprecated` state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new asset version is in either the `development` state or the default `stable` state (also known as `published`). An asset version must be stable before being deprecated.
```

> To use the Exchange API version 2 to create an asset and set its lifecycle state, add the property `status` to the multipart request. If the state is not specified, the asset is created with the default `stable` state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Exchange API version 2 to create an asset and set its lifecycle state, add the property `status` to the multipart request. If the state is not specified, the asset is created with the default `stable` state.
```
...or do we mean "version 2" to indicate different implementations of the API rather than an official version number? Whether to use "the" depends on the answer.

> REST API asset example:

Reviewer: Reword to be a complete sentence intro, something like "The following example shows <how to?><a typical?>...."

Reviewer: Also, after seeing the subsequent text about version 1, consider adding version 2 to this intro sentence.
I'm a bit confused about versions 1 and 2: are these product versions or instance example numbers?

. Log in to Anypoint Platform and download the https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/organizations/68ef9520-24e9-4cf2-b2f5-620025690913/assets/68ef9520-24e9-4cf2-b2f5-620025690913/training-american-flights-api/1.0.0/files/fat-raml/zip[example file].
. Replace `/file-path/training-american-flights-api-1.0.0-raml.zip` with the local path of the downloaded file.

> . Replace `ANYPOINT_TOKEN`, `:organizationId`, `:groupId`, `:assetId`, and `:version` with your information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Replace `ANYPOINT_TOKEN`, `:organizationId`, `:groupId`, `:assetId`, and `:version` with values specific to your implementation.
```

> . Set the property `status` to `development` or `published`.

Reviewer: Yikes, do we really have to switch between "stable" and "published"? If we must introduce both terms, after doing so, we should pick one and use it from the introduction onward.

. Execute:

[source,console]
----
curl -v \
    -H 'Authorization: bearer ANYPOINT_TOKEN' \
    -H 'x-sync-publication: true' \
    -F 'name=RAML asset name' \
    -F 'description=Description of the asset' \
    -F 'keywords=best, raml' \
    -F 'status=development' \
    -F 'properties.mainFile=american-flights-api.raml' \
    -F 'properties.apiVersion=v1' \
    -F 'files.raml.zip=@/file-path/training-american-flights-api-1.0.0-raml.zip' \   https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/api/v2/organizations/:organizationId/assets/:groupId/:assetId/:version
----

> To use the Exchange API version 1 to create an asset and set its lifecycle state, send the status property as a field.

Reviewer: Why does this mention creation as well as lifecycle state?
Do we need separate full examples for v1 and v2, or does this substitution make sense to your audience?

  }'
----

[[promote-lifecycle-state]]
=== Promote Lifecycle State

xref:lifecycle.adoc[Asset lifecycle states] have three possible promotions:

. `development` to `stable`
. `stable` to `deprecated`
. `deprecated` to `stable`

> The `stable` state is also known as `published`.

Reviewer: See previous comment re. synonyms/equivalent wordings: I suggest introducing both but subsequently using only one in the narrative, if possible.

> In this example, replace `ANYPOINT_TOKEN`, `:groupId`, `:assetId`, and `:version` with your information, and replace `:status` with `development`, `published`, or `deprecated`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, replace `ANYPOINT_TOKEN`, `:groupId`, `:assetId`, and `:version` with values specific to your implementation, and replace `:status` with one of `development`, `published`, or `deprecated`.
```
